When you run Jordle.java, please put statisticsFile.txt, success.jpg, guess.jpg, Fail.png, and gt.png in the same folder


1. Multiple Language Supported
Choice Box has created to handle Language setting.
It generates the following language choices:
-English
-Chinese
-Spanish
-Russian 
-Japanese
When user clicks Japanese Language, the title, Restart button, Instruction button, 
status message, message of instruction window, error page, and the choice options are all change into japanese language format 

2. Title Special Effect
I implement the title with special effect that has yellow color with the shadow around the border 

3. Duplicate Text 
Ability to account for duplicate characters
(use the second array in Words.java to test)

4. Light and Dark Mode
Ability to toggle between light/dark mode by having the toggle button
It will change the  color of background and the message of output in order to fit the background 

5. Appropriate images when the user guesses a word correctly
It will show appropriate image when user try to guess, fail, and success
When in the status of guessing, showing the guessing image
When in the status of fail, showing the fail image
When in the status of success, showing the success image

6. Icon for the program
The program has its own icon 
The icon is the GT icon

7. Full screen Mode
For Windows, it will show the hint of YOU HAVE TO EXIT BY HINT ESC.
When you press esc, it will exit the full screen mode

For Mac, it will show the hint of weird message because for mac we can not set the font for full screen exit hint
When you press esc, it will exit the full screen mode

8. Show statistic Mode
When you click Show statistic, it will generate ranking in increasing order
It also shows the current time you have taken to complete the game.
If you fail the game, current time will show 0.000 seconds.
If you success, current time will put your record in to the ranking if you are in first 5 place
It will automatically sort the time in increasing oder  
You need to click OK button to exit statistic mode

9. Timer
It will show the current time you take for this game
When you start to play the game, it will start to count the time
When you success or fail, it will stop
Timer is dynamic in order to show the current time you have taken

10. Ability to handle the edge case
    1. When it is less than 5 characters, it will show the error page
    2. When use the first try and it is wrong, we restrict user CANNOT enter any character or backspace. It requires user to press enter to go to next try
    3. When use the first try and it is correct, we restrict user CANNOT press any character, enter, backspace.
    We restrict user MUST press restart button to play again.

11. Ability to resize the window
It will automatically arrange its location to fit the window